Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: Guerrero
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
It works.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's actually pretty good connection right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you
Lyndsey Lorett: I'm trying to stand in the one spot that gives me all the bars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's experiment with going somewhere where you can have some privacy. Let's just watch the connection and see if it fades away.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can find somewhere to to sit and we'll just keep a close eye on it.
Lyndsey Lorett: It's, um, we're pretty private they're they're doing the bathroom in the back room.
Lyndsey Lorett: So they can't hear. And then I've got always watching them wi
Lyndsey Lorett: Ou, so I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this is great. Then, so I ended up. Um, I wasn't able to meet with
Gwenevere Abriel: Either you or with
Gwenevere Abriel: This other gentleman. So this works out. So
Lyndsey Lorett: Well, how did that happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well I, I, I'm not able to share this person's story but it sounded like sometimes life happens
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, it does. It definitely does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what ended up happening with the internet, um, something like a phone upgrade or a data payment thing or something.
Lyndsey Lorett: No idea. It wouldn't connect to Wi Fi and wouldn't connect to anything, and had a little circle with a line through it on my bars.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so when I call, they're like, Yeah, we got to reset your whole phone and all this stuff and then that took forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little bit about what kind of stressors. You've got kind of in your current life right now.
Lyndsey Lorett: Tell me what
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on in your life right now. I mean, I know a little bit from group, but we don't get to hear much from you guys in there.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah I did just
Lyndsey Lorett: Not there's not a lot going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You were describing that there's actual skin tissue growing and that you were optimistic about that.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah. Oh, yes. So, um, I was having these bumps and I'm like pain and stuff around the wound. Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: And so when she when they looked at it, she said that it was from the tape, you know, because we peel off the tape every day. My skin is just getting
Lyndsey Lorett: Raw from it, but I have so much new skin tissue that she had asked me if I had a skin graft. And I said, no, it failed. And she said, well, it looks like you've grown a whole lot of skin. And so I was like, Okay, I'll take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are your thoughts about that activity. We didn't group. You know, is there any sort of continued thinking about it. Did you maybe add more items to it or kind of put it away and and kind of put aside not not thought about again.
Lyndsey Lorett: Um, I did. I wrote it, it, it's in my journal. I don't have it. It's in my car.
Lyndsey Lorett: And I haven't really thought about it since then it's just been kind of hectic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so is it part of the reconstruction in the in your place that makes it hectic.
Lyndsey Lorett: Every yes
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah.
Lyndsey Lorett: The whole house is changing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure you don't want to find someplace, a little more private you sure not gonna be able to care too much.
Lyndsey Lorett: No, there's no wider.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a worker just now.
Lyndsey Lorett: Now, that's my brother in law. Okay. I was standing by the cooler where the waters are
Lyndsey Lorett: I figured out back was the same. The most private place.
Lyndsey Lorett: Because I keep an eye on Ali and do this so I'm multitasking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can. I can feel the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, well, we'll, we'll do with what we've got.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so it's coming in lines up pretty well for today. It's, it's time for this monthly review of how you assess you're doing on your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so I've got one here that says, I would like to be medication free, so it is now may 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. How many milligrams of buprenorphine. Are you at
Lyndsey Lorett: And so it's it's supposed to be 23 but Dr. Gabriel, AND I ORDERED ONE OF THOSE the way you're thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Lyndsey Lorett: I didn't come in yet so and I ordered. Um, there's a special like I'm it's like a
Gwenevere Abriel: A breast breast and mortar thing the pedestal and
Lyndsey Lorett: Yeah, that you like 1 million yeah I ordered one of those. So
Lyndsey Lorett: We'll see. So as soon as he gets here. I like to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just be specific, you kind of told him what the plan is. But what is so client is at how many milligrams a day 2424 milligrams got it and run or feeling new for Fisher Fisher North
Gwenevere Abriel: Morphine okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And did
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, let me see, we have started a tight ration plan and I can see I wrote it all out.
Lyndsey Lorett: Yes, you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's I'm going to write a little note. Actually it looks like my first entry was 526. So this is a little early, but on 526 you are going to be at 22 milligrams. So I'll just put we might be a little behind at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's okay, this is, this is what this is for us to say this is what you wanted. And this is where you're at. It's kind of what you want. And this is where yet. Sometimes that can help kind of keep keep you motivated
Gwenevere Abriel: Motivated
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, what are you noticing when you listen to other people because there's a real wide range of of the dose in group. What do you think about when you hear other people's toes.
Lyndsey Lorett: You know I'm
Lyndsey Lorett: Specifically, there's, there's two of them know Nicole and Jessica.
Lyndsey Lorett: Okay.
Lyndsey Lorett: They're just going down like their work in it. And so every week, it does if I haven't. It just makes me feel like it's possible. It's possible. And they don't they tell you. Yeah, I'm okay, or no, I'm not. Okay. And it's not a big deal.
Lyndsey Lorett: They're just really working on it and I needed I needed that so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear people going through it personally and their ability to speak back to the clinicians. That's what you needed
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. And so, boo boo. So the current plan with now we're just gonna just read it current plan has you at reaching one milligram next March.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's just one milligram at a time or could be half a milligram at a time. So at this point you want to do it very carefully. So you're you're waiting for the the that bowl and that crushing post pedestal. Whatever the heck. It's called so you're waiting for that.
I can look that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here you're having a better connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or her and pestilence, which she ordered M o r th ER and pestle. P. S. T. Le
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's check on audio. Let's check on video, make sure we're good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check.
Gwenevere Abriel: How we doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we are in the car and let's keep an eye. So we're trying this earlier hour just to see if the connections, a little better, so hopefully it will be so far so good. So far so good. Yeah. Yeah. All right, I've got a note already started.
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw you checked in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been a minute, I think. So we need to kind of take a peek at your goals, see how you're doing on it. Maybe, maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah. So we have one here. This one seems I think we probably created this one fairly recently, I would like to decrease overthinking and anxiety. Hmm. Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what was written back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll make a picture of image of belly breathing and kids and posted in my room or ball. So did you end up following through with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so no drawing no visual reminder yet.
Bianca Garcia: No, I totally forgot that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay with you. I know you have so much going on. It's insane. I'm
Bianca Garcia: Sorry, I have to open the window.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's hot in there.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I came into a car because everybody was sleeping and I didn't want to bother people.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Bianca Garcia: I forgot the keys and then right when you had came in I close the door. Sounds like everybody else, like me, but I was gonna run it for the keys. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I totally forgot. I'm so in the in the car right now. Do you happen to have paper and pen just thought I'd ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's fine, totally forgot to make a poster. Okay, so that's still something just just extend that target date. You know what I'm going to put this but I
Bianca Garcia: Have my phone on me. So I'm going to put it in here because this is where I like right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah, go for it. So what you're going to draw as an image of belly breathing with with the kids, maybe doing it with them having something fun sort of an activity to do together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that when you look at it, it gives you a warm fuzzy feeling so it's it's it's you more inclined to do it if it's something that makes you feel good when you look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And post it in my room or WALL OR DOOR. So having it visually around maybe you even do an extra one and have it somewhere so that you can remember to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's that's if your eyes happened to land on that, um, there's also this idea of having it scheduled where you have also reminders in your phone to do it a few times a day. Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so just looking at this, this goal right here. Just take reflection back over the last week and see how much of it. That same old, same old behavior of overthinking was president just kind of reflect back and see how much of it was around
Okay, yeah, I think it can happen.
Bianca Garcia: Quite a bit. Well,
Bianca Garcia: Well, yeah, yeah. I kept thinking about this one thing over and over
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you comfortable sharing what that one thing you over and over, trying to solve in your mind.
Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: I had had an issue with the prescriptions. I have got in.
Order to get this month, last month and it's close to this month. I was gonna she the pharmacist, like, Well, you could just get it this day.
Bianca Garcia: I go that day in in a try. Give it, give me the prescription and they say cat and then the fifth
And I was, it was just like a bill thing. And I was like, okay, as
Bianca Garcia: I felt like
I don't know, like I saw like maybe maybe she thought something or something and I would have me, I guess, and like I wouldn't like you know
Bianca Garcia: Tell her I had told her if she could check the cameras because I had thought maybe she didn't give me the right amount
Bianca Garcia: Sometimes, so I have noticed afterlife and maybe shoot this now, right, because I i
Bianca Garcia: And I put all my medications and my Lockbox I don't carry them with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every anything and and she's like, Okay, let me, let me check it and investigate on their site on the cameras and she was supposed to get back to me and let me know. But she get back to me and she just said.
She just said, oh, yeah, you could pick it up on the 14th. And I said, okay, that's fine. And I was already going to switch over to
Albertsons pharmacy, because the beat their prices. Sometimes my insurance doesn't cover him.
Gwenevere Abriel: If she told me she's like, well, I said. She said, Well, there's a transfer here. Do you want me chapter I said yeah because it'd be you guys prices and I would like to get better prices and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you go to Elvis's. She's like, You won't be able to pick him up on the 14th. So she told me to stay
Bianca Garcia: There for this month this month this month, last month.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when it comes to this month they
Bianca Garcia: Gave me the runaround, and then they said, Oh, you can't pick them up and then you have to wait and usually the insurance will let you pick them up like a day ahead.
Bianca Garcia: And they, I don't know what they call the doctor and he said, oh, we didn't see anything on the ceiling and they didn't never tell concluded, what happened on their side. She just said you could
Bianca Garcia: So I felt like maybe in the doctor tells them. Oh, she can pick them up the day before she has to be come up on this day they
Gwenevere Abriel: Made me like
Bianca Garcia: They were assuming something of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was I was, I was like, people of course want to get their prescription as soon as possible, especially with Colin going
Bianca Garcia: Get them when their shirts allows it or not. And I can't even get it, then I have to wait that seemed
Like it made me feel
I don't know, maybe, maybe a little patient profile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which kind of profile.
Bianca Garcia: Like getting profiled. I don't know what it just ran through my head like everything, but I don't know what they thought, but I felt like maybe they thought
Bianca Garcia: The worst anything like oh maybe she just wants them right now available, blah. And I'm like, Well, yeah. Who wouldn't like you know like
Bianca Garcia: What the prescription it and I wasn't even trying. I wouldn't bring up a problem to them if it was on my side, but she didn't tell me if I would have known maybe
Bianca Garcia: I miss counting maybe what is something happened. She didn't tell me, and she just made it seem like oh I don't know, like I just felt like so I can the wrong way. I don't know if that makes sense to you, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you you given me. I said, Well, what, what have you, kind of, what was that overthinking and you've given me this really
Gwenevere Abriel: Rich story. So it's really brought me in to what that experience is like for you. Thank you. So I kind of have an idea of what you're talking about the the part that I would invite just for now is to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep one piece of it really short and see if you can finish that sentence I felt and put in one emotion word when oh this stuff with pharmacist doctor and pharmacy and insurance, like all those moving parts, all those people that are involved in getting this done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's that whole story. You just told that's down here, but up front because you haven't quite said it yet. See if you can land one emotion words. So I felt blank when all that story. You just told happened.
Well, I think I was worried
Bianca Garcia: I felt
Like a patient profile, but I don't know what the profile me as the for me. I felt maybe
I don't know that.
Even though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think I heard one part of it. I know the the emotion was worried. I heard that just now. But then I didn't hear they're thinking, what have you. That's the word. I didn't hear. I feel like maybe the patient PROFILED ME TO BE
I don't know.
I don't know, maybe in my head. I was thinking
Me as an ID.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There Kotick. So that's everything. Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's that's that's inaccurate.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a narcotic.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, okay. So anything could be. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so it's a matter. There's lots of pieces to this so I'm real quick. I didn't want you to keep holding on to that thought because that's not accurate. It is a controlled substance.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so definitely you know that needs to be doctor prescribed and it because it is a potentially addictive substance which means you can develop a chemical dependence, which you have, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: You would go into withdrawal. If you just stopped after about three or four days you would experience, probably. It was stroll after the fifth or sixth day you would feel it quite a bit at 10 in
Gwenevere Abriel: The regular exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me back up. I'm so sorry. So the volume on this is a little low. I am doing my very best to hear everything you're saying, but there's sometimes the connections. Great, though I don't want you to change a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just that I can't, I can't hear everything sometimes. So, I'm so sorry, the medication that you were picking up was not the buprenorphine. Is that right, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was the flu oxetane. Let me see, I'm not sure what was me see. Oh yeah, there you are called
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell a pram, yeah. Okay. So, all right. So you were not picking up the view for nothing. None. Now, you're right, it is not, that's not a narcotic. So we needed to check in on that glad we talked about it. So here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though. So I'm in this program, right, and I'm a therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't identify as having a chemical dependence on an opiate I don't identify that way. However, even when I go to the emergency department, even when I go to the pharmacy. I have in my mind, I'm wondering if there was thinking I'm an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Bianca Garcia: In my head, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's not just you. It's not big now. Now you take the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been right so then you add that layer. Do you already identify as
Gwenevere Abriel: Having engaged in maybe at some point in your life, maybe misled people diverted money a particular way, or maybe were dishonest in some way in order to get whether it was heroin or Percocet, or hydro
Gwenevere Abriel: That's addictive behavior. So, so you add already if you're in the field, you know anything about it's already in your mind. Like, I wonder if they're gonna think I'm trying to score.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then you take on top of that, that you may identify as being that and then if you see anything in anybody's eyes or someone looks like they're pushing back or they're judging you, your response to it's going to be even bigger.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be fully kind of aware and kind of sensitive to that kind of treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you're picking up on this word am I being profiled
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but you might be able to pick up on really subtle things from people, whereas someone who's
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, an eight year old lady that has never heard it. She doesn't know anything about like, I'm just guide goodies to picking up some Percocet and I'm going to use them for five days and
Gwenevere Abriel: Like she's not going to be thinking like that. But you and I. It's on our mind because it's in our life and we're talking about it every week and it's right. It's my job.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going to be on my mind and I kind of wonder, you know, when you know I'm looking at anybody. I'm wondering if they're judging me. I wonder if they're kind of trying to assess whether I'm engaging in
Gwenevere Abriel: A drug seeking behavior. Well, that seems like nowadays because because of what happened with the whole epidemic. That's it seems like, especially for somebody who was once
Why
Gwenevere Abriel: Why like and then she's, she's supposed to have been my medication.
Bianca Garcia: WHAT IS IT management and then she make gives me knowing that this is what she gave it to me for it. She just like increased my anxiety by a million, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just make sure I know which sheet because there's lots of different people involved in this story, which she at this point are we talking about increases this the doctor that increased the medicine. No.
Bianca Garcia: She died at the lady, the lady that gives me the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: pharmacy technician.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay medicine management. This is what she gave it to me for and she just like triggered it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're talking about the pharmacist. The one in the pharmacy. Correct.
No.
Bianca Garcia: medication management.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: That manages my medication. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you've got a psychiatrist to somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: And that part. I'm a little fuzzy on because I get how a pharmacist might be, you know, they can see maybe other medications that you've ordered. They can see it and they may form a judgment. I don't know what they can see
Bianca Garcia: The pharmacy and told them not to give it to me till that day. Because usually, I could get it a day ahead.
Bianca Garcia: And I said, What is going on, why
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so right there. Why so when you have a question, when a why question comes up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you, do you know that you have a right to find out that information, not in an angry way but that just like everybody else. You have a right to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: The doctor's orders and in fact you can talk with the pharmacist and say, I'm curious. So oftentimes of pharmacy check will say, do you have any questions for the pharmacist and this time, you might say, Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you wait and the pharmacist comes up and says, what's your question. And you could say, you know what I don't understand why my pharmacist might say, I can only pick it up tomorrow because
Gwenevere Abriel: My insurance is saying, it's fine. It'll be covered. And it's not a narcotic. It's not a substance abuse. I'm confused. It did she write a note. Do you happen to see what her reasoning is
Gwenevere Abriel: Or she tried. Do you think she's trying to protect my finances and have me make sure that it's covered by insurance. Like, I can't quite tell her motivation. You see what I'm going out with that.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, that's what I've been thinking this whole time. Like how do I talk to them because I felt a little frustrated and I didn't want to, you know, be angry about it. I wanted to talk right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. So did I sound angry.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't. Okay. So one of the reasons why I'm glad I didn't, I'm kind of shouting, a little bit because I want to make sure you can hear me. And I so I'm a little loud, but I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The one of the reasons why I may not sound angry is because I have the same right to that clarification as I do. Hey, you know what I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I would. Let's say I'm going to the pediatrician and I say to the physician, I say, you know what, um, how can you
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you checked his, his ears like that. Well, what you I know you've stuck this thing in his ear. Tell me a little bit about what you're looking for. Well, like what's, what are you doing in there. What are you checking for
Gwenevere Abriel: Another physician can explain to you. Oh, just checking this there's wax or if there's a ruptured eardrum. See if there's an object stuck in there or if it's red or inflamed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now would you be in sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not confident, which would be insecure. Would you feel insecure asking the primary care physician to answer a question about one of your children's
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you wouldn't notice you kind of naturally intuitively know I have a right to ask. This is my child.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the differences, right, then you go flashforward over to your at the pharmacist or something. I think it has something to do with you're already judging yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already might be saying to yourself, I because I have this history of, you know, being an addict, that kind of thing. And look at me, I'm still chemically dependent with this buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe they're judging me and I'm judging me and I don't have a right to get information. Now all that goes on unconscious, mostly. You're probably just like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. And it doesn't make any sense. But the psychological reasoning might be just that simple. Which is you have a right to get information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if the worst thing. Do you know that you still have a right to information to ask, they have a right to say no and giving it to you. But hold on to your truth. You have a right to ask, even if you just did heroin 20 minutes ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you know you still do. You're still a human being. You have a right to ask a question. Do you get that. I mean, at your core. You have a right to get information.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the same as same as advocating for a child apply that same confidence to you. So now you're at the pharmacist if you know your intentions are to just gather data and information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember this conversation, remember the one where. Wait a minute. I was just doubting myself I was judging myself as an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I don't have a right to ask. Yes, I do. Yes, you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that making you think about
Bianca Garcia: How to approach them. That's what I've been thinking about. It's been going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was just, you know, I definitely didn't want to be angry and I just so glad I talked to you because
Gwenevere Abriel: You gave me a little bit more insight and how to commonly asked about information. Yeah, I don't
Know, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quickly, they probably do myself before me. Yeah. So, yep. And so, that's beautiful. So you can see that. So now you got a little and it's just my version, there could be a lot of different versions of what's going on, psychologically, but that one works for you. Go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so that's just the mindset. That's kind of having in your mind. Okay, I'm already showing up to the window already thinking I'm already nervous like
Gwenevere Abriel: I hate that I have this history myself and I don't want to see anyone judging me but those are the facts. I still am chemically dependent. I'm going to be getting Suboxone and I'm also going to be getting medication to address anxiety, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Accepting it and then you give yourself permission to smile. Hi, and not make it be a big deal. We could assume something positive, which is instead of thinking, Oh, there they might be thinking something negative about me and judging me. You could shift that thinking to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I'm not the center of their world maybe they're just like, lady. Let's go on to the next one. What is it, where is it, what is it, next one. Where is it, what is it, how much. Okay, next one. What's your address. What's your phone number. Next one, right, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that face that they're showing up with is the face. They give everybody maybe
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So since you kind of likes this idea of coming up with specific words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is it that you first want to talk to to get more information. What would be your first call or visit
Bianca Garcia: Well, I was thinking the main pharmacist. She spoke to last month. But the thing is, do I explain everything that happened like how we talked last month has she's like stay here because I was going to move. I stayed in a couldn't get it. I don't know what to say, like, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's i'll give you, it's just my opinion. There's no one single way to do it. But here's what I noticed, having been in management for quite a few years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, oftentimes what I will do is I will ask someone, a question and they'll come at me with this story first and I'll have to wait and wait and wait and wait and I might even like I get distracted, like what the heck was I even asking for
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm waiting, I'm waiting, I'm waiting. And so they're giving me their explanation before they just say no, I didn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're explaining explaining explaining. And so what I talk with people about is, I'll say, you know what my style. You don't have to defend your, your answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can just get you in and out of my office, very quickly, typically what I'm looking for is, is it done, is it not done. If I want information. Here comes your question your answer to your question, if I want the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll ask for it. So, so let's say the story again over here and you have it, but really think about what you want to know more about from this pharmacist and see if you can just all be the pharmacist, what would you ask me no story, not much. She asks, or he
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to know.
Why give me me
Know how to put it, but I guess just mainly why
Bianca Garcia: Why I had a little run around this whole month and hot why the doctor said that at the end.
No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so a couple of things kind of give you some feedback about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So run around. I will probably piss them off.
Bianca Garcia: That's what I don't want to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Ya know, so, so the difference between what I do. So I'll do, I'll do what you just said in sort of my style and you can tweak it kind of make it work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my style is I stick with facts run around is a judgment word and we I run the risk of they may have an experience with the phrase run around.
Gwenevere Abriel: As if they're the bad guy. And once somebody thinks they're the bad guy, they're going to get defensive and pissed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're not going to be open to hearing my story that I have ready in case they do want to know the story, so instead I just want information. So the difference between run around is, is your phrase. And what I would do, I would stick with facts would be pharmacist, Benny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last Tuesday, you and I spoke and I left feeling confused because my psychiatrist wrote a note and spoke with you. I believe that I couldn't pick it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: On that Tuesday, but I had to wait. The next day, do you see in your notes or do you happen to know or remember if it was because my insurance wouldn't pay for it that day. If it was a clinical recommendation from that psychiatry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something else, Benny. Okay, so what did you notice I did that was different than hey can you tell me why I got the runaround
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you were more more clear about clear
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but what made what I said, clear.
Nicer and it sounded to down to the
Gwenevere Abriel: To the main question. Okay. But there's very specific things I did that made it clear, and I was hoping you'd pick up on him. I'm gonna tell you what they were. What made it clear was the date.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You spoke with psychiatry Smith. Hey, Benny. Do you remember talking with psychiatry says oh yeah I remember you. Oh, perfect. So yeah, last Tuesday when you spoke with psychiatry Smith.
Gwenevere Abriel: Smith said I couldn't pick my script up on Tuesday. Do you know why. Dr. Smith said no I can't pick it up, Tuesday, but I had to wait till Wednesday. Do you know if it was because the insurance wouldn't pay for it or
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know the other reason because I was so confused when I left, I got so confused. Do you see a note, or do you happen to remember, Benny.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is. So do you see that I'm clear because I talked about the date I talked about who I run around he this this guy. Do you know how many people he sees this pharmacist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not gonna remember, maybe we'll maybe won't, but that's a lot to ask from someone you just have that experience, you don't have four 500 right
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's really personal for you for them. It's like, oh, I just, it's another hassle.
Gwenevere Abriel: That didn't go smoothly something personal about you, but it's like I just want to give these people, their medication to get them going just want to give a book, but people right that's their job is to go, go, go.
Bianca Garcia: That's kind of why I restrained from even asking, by the time I get it. I'm like, Okay, bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, there's a difference. It's about remember I was telling you earlier about your right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, to ask a question. And that's the psychological one that's you have to borrow from how I would advocate for my child.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the same right even if I'm an addict or whatever you're labeling yourself with the minute you still have it right here have a huge you have kidney rights. Now this pharmacists has a right to be a jerk.
Gwenevere Abriel: But hey, it's true. More promises has a super, super nice day. Having a super friendly attitude also has the right to be helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: The risk is we don't know how it's going to go. But when you show up for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: BIANCA you have the confidence and you're in this sense of I want information. That's it. I'm not here trying to score some Danny's some extra a Percocet and sell them on the street. That's not why you're at the counter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not why you're there. So ask a question right now if you don't have that part, it's unlikely, you'll have that confidence to be able to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: To say these things were practicing now because it's emotional for you remember how you said I was anxious, right, then it's like I'm getting anxiety anti anxiety medication. I'm feeling anxious right now like this is like, this is insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you have that sense of self confidence. It's going to bolster which means turn up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The file of your confidence to be able to say, What's that stuff I practice with when Oh, be clear. Don't give story, unless they ask for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, so watch again. What, what are some of the pieces that made me sound clear, see if you can identify them again. Do you remember the date date. Got it. What else name of the person, the name of not only. So tell me which person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be the pharmacist, I believe, her name is Maggie okay and psychiatrists
Bianca Garcia: Card.
Gwenevere Abriel: To car to car. Yes, that's it. Now, if you start there and you say, Hey, Maggie. Um, do you remember. And what's the date when was that
Bianca Garcia: It was well I spoke with her last month, but I spoke with her just a regular farm. She's the main one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a story. Notice that's a story that is that just now just me trying to figure out do I because I spoke with maybe last month, but I spoke with other pharmacist.
Bianca Garcia: About it about my prescription, but I don't know their name. I don't know who do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you've got you've got some choices, notice that even right now at how productive. Is it because you're going to be relying on an unknown person's memory. You don't even know who to get the information from
Gwenevere Abriel: And hoping that Maggie remembers. I don't know how many customers are they go through a pharmacist, but a month ago. Oh my gosh, that's asking a lot, isn't it. Yeah, so
Bianca Garcia: Remember the pharmacist one, the one I spoke to her face.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. So when you see her, and you may wander in there, whatever maybe have another reason to shop around you when you get note the name and then you could go in and say, Sarah will call her Sarah. Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have the person we're going to, we're going to hope remembers. This is the main person. I think you're going to be asking, and you're going to start with what Sarah knows
Gwenevere Abriel: On what date Bianca. Are you talking about what date is Sarah going to have to remember, in order to give you clarification.
Oh, it was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday. Monday is may 18. Yep. Okay. Cool. So hey, Sarah. Um, do you remember me, we kind of had had we were kind of talking, I picked up a script on the team. And she looks at you and she's like, No, I'm sorry. You go, okay, cool, cool, cool. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe there's a note inside the record. Can you take a second. I don't mean to be a bother.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you could just look for me, Sarah I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I left on Monday being really confused about why my Psychiatry's wouldn't let me pick up my script on Monday, I had to wait and you know how it is right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to schlep out here and it's so scary for me as it is to be out with a coven I'm trying to minimize my shopping as much as I can. So I left me really confused. Do you see any notes of why Dr. Deckard
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't give me that script on that day on Monday. Does it show a reason I'm making up a story in my head that it's because of insurance, but you know what other days there hasn't been an issue when I pick it up early. Some really confused you see any notes, Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you notice I did.
Or you told her the date we spoken and
Bianca Garcia: Regarding
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the whole
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, it was a lot more clear. I just wish I could do that, but I'm gonna do my best.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so just now, what just happened like are you feeling anxious and nervous now.
Just
Bianca Garcia: Trying to recycle the whole be
Gwenevere Abriel: So look when something's new for the same reason I kind of was thinking maybe make a poster when something's new we want cues. We want to have them around. If I'm learning a new language.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put little stickies everywhere. And I'm going to have all these things so that I can go oh yeah oh yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not flashcards, if I'm trying to memorize something for a science test or for history. I'm going to have flash card so that I can cue myself and quiz myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would this be any different, why not write down what I want to say to Sarah's and made up name for the pharmacist. We don't know yet. There's nothing wrong with having it written out you know that the wrong with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the facts are when we're stressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotional part of our brain, the amygdala hijack. Do you know that word hijack
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, holds captive right
Gwenevere Abriel: hijacks our brain, which means we can't remember anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever been nervous when you're taking a test or you're about to say something to someone, all the sudden you completely draw a blank. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there you go. You're not broken. It's, it's that the emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Literally block a signal of wanting to retrieve information from the hippocampus it completely blocks it so you can't get the information. So the first thing you got to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is we got to feel calm. It's got to use that breathing, believe it or not, that's the time for mindfulness practices, whether it's grounding. The five senses, you learn something else that belly breathing you right before you walk up to the front.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I deserve to ask a question. So I have that in my mind. Right. That's my fundamental belief about the moment and I'm calm and I'm breathing. It's okay. I have a right to ask a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like everybody else does. And then you notice you're feeling calmer and then all of a sudden you remember you wrote down what you wanted to ask you look at it, you say, Sarah. I've got this in front of me. I want to make sure I didn't get too nervous and forget
Gwenevere Abriel: Something wrong with that. If you decide to share that or you don't. You say, okay, so I wrote this date down, Sarah. On May 18. Is there any little note in my account about why my psychiatrist Deckard didn't give me my medicine on Monday, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You should push and she looks
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you go on with a story. Go ahead. Go ahead. I did.
Bianca Garcia: I did write down but
Bianca Garcia: It was a big old thing so I wasn't clear. I wasn't sure to say that, but I did write down. Remember thoughts like thing that I remembered
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a beautiful story.
Bianca Garcia: So I'm gonna break it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So big old story and break it down if you just break down the story. Remember, if I'm a psychiatrist. Yeah, no.
Bianca Garcia: You said the lady, I remember and stuff but me as I'm going to erase everything else that I put down bro, then I did. It was like a paragraph and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: It was just so I can remember you know details or whatever. But I guess they don't really need that story anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so here's the thing. Typically, and this is in our families in a typical family, our family will ask for the story the family, a parent will say you need to justify why you behave the way you did in our families of origin.
Gwenevere Abriel: That happens, we have to explain and defend ourselves right
Gwenevere Abriel: But in a in a setting like this yeah you knowing what you want is what you start with your customer, and you have a right to ask for what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they want the story. Well, why do you ask, Well, it's kind of a long story. Sure. You want the right. It's a long story. I got it right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a long story, but the short but given the short version them well because
Gwenevere Abriel: I went to pick up my prescription on Monday with every expectation, I can pick it up my insurance that it would be covered.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for some reason you I think a Sarah, you spoke with Dr. Dre card and for some reason it was specific and he said you cannot pick it up today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was wondering what was it a clinical reason. Was it a financial reason is there a note in there a pharmacist. Is there a note. Do you remember even maybe. Remember, you see, all I'm doing is focusing on what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want
Bianca Garcia: Sorry, my neighbors. She's a good day. Then I
Gwenevere Abriel: Should, are you good. Yeah. Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the difference. The difference between your approach and will kind of bring today to a close with this, the differences
Gwenevere Abriel: You in general, probably come from a place of I'm going to have to explain myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: A position of defense a position of almost like a one down like less than which that's not real. You're, you're not less than anybody. You are the same, same.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the same rights to ask a question, same rights to refuse the same, same as everybody doesn't matter what happened at best.
Bianca Garcia: So if she wants.
Bianca Garcia: Story. I'm not gonna be the long version but um
I don't know, like, how would I
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how about we do this, I can be you give me your worst. What's the, what's the worst thing this this woman can say it that way, just, oh, what's your worst scare
Bianca Garcia: Me. Well, I mean me
Gwenevere Abriel: Play it out your mind because your mind is going to come up with the worst scenario that's what's that's what's the overthinking so let me hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Bianca Garcia: Wow, I would just think that after I asked to be like well
Bianca Garcia: I don't know I maybe I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: All for it. BIANCA over here. Anyway, that's what I'm forced to do these things. So go for it. What's the worst thing she could say that would make you feel really anxious
Bianca Garcia: Well, I hope she doesn't ask for the story because then that would definitely bring back the whole memory thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really you don't want her to ask you why.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's the second piece. Go back to the original
Gwenevere Abriel: belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do not have to defend yourself. You don't have to. Yeah, you're right, isn't going to be nothing flawed or wrong with the reason why you're asking the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to come up with a fancy explanation. So let's play it out. I want you to do it. Don't doubt yourself, you're going to see me role play. I'm going to pretend to be you. So give me the, give me your horse. Come on, get into it, pretend you're on stage.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not the best actress, you're my
Bianca Garcia: Well, I would think that she would be like well
Bianca Garcia: I have no idea. I just, it comes up in my head, but when I say I don't even know how it would be the worst. I guess it's really not the worst if she would just ask, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet you still haven't done it. Say it out loud.
Say,
Bianca Garcia: Hey, what else
Gwenevere Abriel: You know exactly the thing that you keep avoiding to think, Oh, I can't imagine she'll say it. Say it. Go for it. I'm right here. It's just me. I'm not the pharmacist. What's the worst thing. Come on your worst thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I asked my data and she says what back to me.
Bianca Garcia: Asking like why or why or who just
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, what happened and who so you got the why, the what the who now sudden likely she would phrase it quite like that, and probably be
Gwenevere Abriel: A sentence. So, pick, pick one. Start with one. Do you want to ask, like a full sentence with the word why in it. You're almost there. Bianca, you're almost there. Go for it. I'm ready. Your worst
Bianca Garcia: Why
Bianca Garcia: Why this happened. I don't know why that the pharmacy.
Bianca Garcia: Calling and he came to see
Gwenevere Abriel: You in this scenario, I'm you. So I just I just said, hey, on Tuesday doctrine bloody blah, is there a note in there. Why the pharmacist and give it to me on Monday, though.
Bianca Garcia: Was thinking about me. I'm thinking that bad, even though, whatever they say, I don't think it would be bad. Maybe it's just my thoughts because now that I'm thinking about me being the pharmacist, be like, Oh, well, the doctor said, For this reason it's not that bad.
Bianca Garcia: Maybe I just put it in my head like it would be, I don't know, I can't think of anything bad
Bianca Garcia: Well, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably you're editing a little bit because you've been thinking about it for days. It's been on your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's probably just really risky to even say it out loud, like maybe even I will minimize it. And I will judge it. I'm not going to. You're going to get to see me. Pretend I'm you at the worst. Why don't you be kind of nasty. Why don't you be rude to me.
Bianca Garcia: Guess you would just be like, well, it just said there. This isn't it. Here you go, like, making it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, hold on. Don't explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just says what
Bianca Garcia: Oh, well, the doctor said, For this reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, for this reason, okay, simple and just be like, Okay, like on your way on your way. So she okay you think she would actually say go on your way though, do you think no.
Bianca Garcia: No, that's okay. Explain.
That so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just go with what she might say, oh, OK, I see Dr. To card. I'm it yeah I just see the
Gwenevere Abriel: The prescription was viable. On May 18 or I should say say something like that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be
Bianca Garcia: For this date, but the doctors said is ready for whatever reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm. Oh, thank you for looking in, in the record. So there was some notation. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I was confused about on Monday was if it said why I couldn't pick the prescription out to see any reasoning. Why I just, I don't want to have to waste a trip again because I tried to pick scripts up all at once. Um, does it say any reasoning as to why
Do why
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you oh and and Sarah promises, Sarah, do you remember kind of that conversation for Monday, or do you have a lot of customers and maybe you forgot. But you do kind of remember talking with that psychiatrist.
Bianca Garcia: Oh no. Somebody else spoke with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, oh, okay. So would your recommendation be that I call the psychiatrist and find out. I mean, it doesn't say anything about my insurance wouldn't cover it that day.
No.
Doctor
Gwenevere Abriel: Reason, and it doesn't say why so, my best bet. Would you recommend I just call that Psychiatry's myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right. All right. All right, so I'm all go do that. Let's just I want to make sure, since I'm already here that there's 24 blah blah blahs in that bottle.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just count it out or let me just check and make sure you know what. Thank you, Sarah and I really appreciate you're looking into it for me. I've had a couple of challenges and I want it. I want to see if there's something on my end that I can solve. Thank you so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you in a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What do I look like I don't deserve to ask my question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not wrapped up. I'm not wrapped up in I'm an addict. Mm hmm. Not wrapped up. I'm not worried about that. I have a right
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a nice good person. I just want information. And I know they're busy and I'm sweet. So all apologize. I say, oh, I appreciate your taking an extra minute for me right I raised my tone. I kind of make it high pitch and squeaky
Gwenevere Abriel: And I use those skills to sort of say, I really appreciate taking this extra minute. I think it's going to help me be able, in the next two and three and four times I come here to to problem solve and make sure what happened like on Monday doesn't happen again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really it's helping them by getting clear now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what do you think of this process. What was this like for you to do this, this role play and communication stuff.
It actually helped me
Bianca Garcia: Understand that it's not, I guess, not all about what I think, or what's going on because you're right, they do go through a lot so it gave me a lot, a lot of calming and understanding
Bianca Garcia: You know, I mean, it's obvious this maybe sometimes you just gotta remember they do work with a lot of people. And yeah, so it helped me actually calm down a lot about the overthinking or what to say. And so, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So thinking about your schedule. Two weeks from now put us, if you can believe it in June. Oh, I know wild this if you could do this again where you're in the car. This was awesome was nice, good connection. This worked great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, definitely. I liked it better too. So let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you be able to pull off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I gotta do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have somebody right now. June 3 at 10 have someone said at 10 there your group is on Fridays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do 11 O'clock June 3
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a Wednesday, just kind of like it'll feel like this, but an hour later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you think it could be, it could be if you wanted to. It could be eight or nine in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's good. Okay. All right. So we have June 3 11am Mountain Standard Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will see you on Friday. Should I message. What, you know what, I'm already in the habit. I've been just without asking anybody. I just messaged the doctors and I just say hey, I've met with so and so and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to check with you guys, I just do it automatically. All right, enjoy your day and I'll see on Friday. Thank you.